12.0 add sale_technical_pricelist and account_invoice_technical_pricelist (#2014)
OCA/sale-workflow: account_invoice_pricelist_technical/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module extends the functionality of the Technical pricelist Module (same repository) to prevent user to select undesired pricelist on account invoice form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module extends the functionality of the Technical Pricelist module (same repository) to prevent users from selecting technical pricelists on account invoice forms.
```
